riders have been outfitting Sportsters
for touring duty for a long time now the
Motor Company has done the work for you
with the 2014 super low 1200 t to make
the 1200 CC Sportster touring friendly
Harley added a 14 inch polycarbonate
windscreen capable of being adjusted on
the fork depending on rider preference
it also pops off easily
the windscreen works well diverting air
over the crown of the riders head with a
little wind coming up from underneath
Harley also added a set of locking
saddlebags wrapped in black vinyl the
bags will hold a couple days provisions
but aren't overly large Harley needing
to maintain the aesthetic balance of the
narrow frame Sportster a couple of
screws hold each in place for quick and
easy removal
it also has factory installed rear
docking hardware for the addition of a
luggage rack and sissy bar with backrest
the Sportster super low 1200 T C's
updated suspension it breaks to the 39
millimeters show a fork returned and
totter while the rear suspension now
features a preload adjustable emulsion
shock with a convenient hand dial on the
left side while the front compressed
fully a couple times on direct hits the
rear does an admirable job of sheltering
riders while smoothing up the ride the
super low 1200 T gets new dual piston 34
millimetre Nissen calipers to go along
with a bigger front rotor rated
stainless steel brake lines provides
better feel and makes the front quick to
respond both all aluminum master
cylinders have been updated to ABS is a
795 dollar option that's worth the extra
peace of mind for a six-foot-tall rider
riders triangle is very compact
it's bars providing one of the easiest
reaches around mid controls a twenty six
point one inch C height leave just
enough room to squeeze in comfortably
but also locks the rider in place for
long hauls it does make it a cinch to
place both feet squarely on the ground
at stop burgos of the super low 1202
claimed by Harley to be tailored towards
riders from five one two five seven
other factors that make the super low
1200 zero under friendly is a light
clutch bowl and rubber isolated mini
floorboards the two up touring C moves
riders forward a bit and it's been
narrowed where it meets the tank
dynamically the 1200 T is a typical
Sportster motorcycle with light steering
easy transitioning and a grunty 1,200 CC
v-twin rubber mounting keeps the vibes
tolerable while plenty of low-end torque
gets it up to freeway speed in a snap we
also noticed I stopped and searched and
fifth gear around thirty six hundred and
fifty rpm thanks to an RPM display in
the updated electronics package we were
able to pinpoint the surge the super low
1200 T gained about twenty eight pounds
over the standard Sportster but the
engine is more than enough power to
compensate the new touring features are
functional practical and can be removed
quickly providing riders with
essentially two bikes and one